Okay, now that's wicked fast.
Oh wait, it says 1202.
Technically speaking, that is not the first one in the chat.
The cash is still up for grabs, ladies and gentlemen.
If you're in the chat and you haven't posted yet, you could be the winner of big prizes.
There it is!
Tosics Cube is the winner.
Nice, nice work.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is GigaOM Biological.
RNA cannot pandemic, intramuscular injections are dumb, and transfection is a crime on January 10th, 2025.
Hello, everybody.
Good to see you.
If you want to check out who I am and my record as an academic tenure-chasing neurobiologist, please go to PubMed.
put in my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, and the first initials J and J. Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
I see.
No, it depends on how they use it.
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not,
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
It's literally turning into worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
That Sam Harris quote is from the 8th Bret Weinstein podcast.
It's before they were doing live with him and his wife.
He was doing his own podcast and at first, at least on that one, there isn't even a video of it.
It's Bret Weinstein's 8th podcast in 2019 in December that you can find that quote.
that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
the rules protect yourself at all times follow my instructions keep it clean touch gloves if you wish let's do it sweaty palms this is so crazy like goosebumps this is so crazy i feel so nervous like what in the world man he introduced
Jonathan, who's gonna talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Just hold on loosely, but don't let go.
If you cling too tightly, you're gonna lose control.
You'll bet that it's hard once you believe it, and a whole lot of space to breathe in.
It's so damn easy when you feel exhausted.
You're gonna lose control.
You may be too soft to be leading.
And a whole lot of space to breathe in.
Don't let her slip away.
feel like what you had.
So hold on loosely, but don't let go.
If you cling to tightness, you're going to lose control.
You're barely someone to believe in, and a whole lot of space to breathe.
You're gonna lose it
To hide
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, this time I think it could be different.
I do think it could be different.
I think we just got to pull our heads out and realize what's right in front of our eyes.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection was always criminal and RNA cannot pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is Gigaohm Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooey, coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's very good to see everybody here.
Let me see if I can pull this off.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
Again, this is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise, crooked-back news brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is the 10th of January, 2025.
I've got a pretty good message this morning again.
I hope I'm in focus.
Yeah, we are... Wow, I don't even know what to say.
It's very easy to summarize the position that we're in right now.
COVID shots are bad.
Let's not talk about 2020.
And I think this sort of rubric will help you understand where we are, how we got here, what's the danger of where we are, and why it is so darn important to get our act together for our kids' sake.
So I want to be clear that we do have a message that we're trying to develop in the background.
I think there's a couple books to be written here.
A couple short books to be written.
I'm not talking about large tomes.
I'm talking about short and to the point handbooks for mankind.
None of this hunter-gatherer's guide to the galaxy nonsense.
Very simple messages.
Very, very simple messages are what we need right now.
Like healthy people don't get sick.
Like this bad biology 101 is what we need to fix.
And the bad biology can be summarized by evolution because DNA or DNA therefore evolution.
And I think we can think our way out, but we're all going to have to do the work.
We're all going to have to do the exercises that are needed in order to extricate our brains from this trap, this trap that we've been in since we were kids, this trap that our parents grew up in.
And I do think there is a way out.
And it is very succinct and precise language about these crucial biological myths.
And very precise language about these crucial biological myths instantaneously dispels them.
That's what I love about this statement.
Intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
Has all kinds of thought sparks in it that makes people, if they really read it and understand it,
It forces any doctor, any biologist, or any would-be armchair virologist to rethink what they have thought they were certain about, or just to be put in a position where they must cling to that certainty with nothing to edify it.
And so that's what I think we need to focus on.
We need to focus on a new biology 101 that's life as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
And so, you know, maybe one really short question for anybody that believes genes are important is where is puberty encoded in the human genome?
I'll say that again, you ask somebody that question sometime, the next time you get to interview Kevin McKernan or Mark Lander, why don't you ask him where puberty is encoded in the Human Genome Project, so we can figure that one out.
So yeah, it's...
It's crazy where we are, right?
I have a very succinct message about a background signal being misconstrued as spread.
I have a very succinct message about how RNA cannot pandemic and the health freedom movement in America and around the world has a message that's the COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
I mean, this is where we are right now.
This is the dates, the 2025 over there.
Do you see the timeline here?
Going all the way back to 2015 right here.
I'm not a very good weatherman.
Just above my head, 16, 17, 18, and 2019 where presumably the release occurred.
And so I have a pretty succinct explanation I want to expand on a little bit to make sure I start with that pretty regularly now, because I do think it's important that this is where people try to challenge us and try to sharpen our message.
I think that there was no effort at the beginning of the pandemic to make any reasonable differentiation from a absolutely loud, hot, noisy background of RNA and DNA from all sources, bacterial, phage,
fungus, everything from ourselves to other animals, insects in the air, water, I don't care what, microbes everywhere, all that signaling was ignored at the start of the pandemic and then they just told you they could roll out a test and draw up a signal from the background that represented the spread of a novel virus.
And my argument is, is that all the people that are still selling that story have always known that transfection is a crime.
And they've always understood that part of the sort of caper that they were going to help pull off was to pull a little bait and switch with EUAs and with the FDA and with all the regulations.
to use an emergency to call transfection an investigational vaccine.
And I think Robert Malone was very central to making sure that nobody reasonably questioned this bait and switch, this little shell game that they played with what is essentially worthless intellectual property from decades ago being recycled and reintroduced as something investigational and novel that resets an intellectual property clock.
And I'm pretty sure they're all playing that game primarily.
And so in 2019, just one possibility that doesn't require any magic, it doesn't require any special biological myths that you just got to take my word for.
I'm just suggesting that there is a background signal and they could have released a pure signal on that background and anyone that was told to find it or needed to find it or should find it would find it.
And if Shengxi Li was working for us, then she just reported what she found.
And if that signal overlapped significantly enough with the background, the nonspecific PCR test could be used to magically turn that into a novel spreading pathogen, especially because we have no data from before 2019.
And so again, be sure you understand that you can't find anyone else in the health freedom movement side of any of this that can explain the illusion of the pandemic in under two minutes, except for me.
Of course, the other side of this story is that there was a problem to manage mostly in Western countries, maybe even exclusively in Western countries.
And that problem was the large family size after World War II was a population pyramid bump that was going to result in a large quantity of people that were going to age out and be a burden on our retirement systems and a burden on our healthcare systems because old people need more medicine.
And the last six months of medical care in a system like the United States is about $500,000.
And so knowing that this problem was coming for decades is what population pyramids have been showing us, what population pyramids could have shown us at the beginning of the pandemic, that an expected rise in all cause mortality might be conveniently managed using myths perpetrated by traitors to hide murder with lies.
And so again, in less than two minutes, I've been able to explain to you how the pandemic was pulled off.
And now Noam Chomsky's thoughts and contributions about how people are governed kind of fills in the rest of the blanks, because what they needed to do was put people in front of you that were really certain about what was going on, had real certain answers about it, had real important questions to ask with possible answers that they were already well-versed in, and that lively debate
was scripted and orchestrated by the very state that came to save us.
By the very system that we think we're fighting.
We are fighting within that system, against that system, fighting on the same team as people that also work in that system.
Noam Chomsky told us this.
Well, the title of this talk, as I suppose you saw somewhere, is Necessary Illusions, Thought, Control, and Democratic Societies.
The title is intended to be paradoxical.
It should be.
Thought control and indoctrination are inconsistent with democracy, therefore one can't have thought control in a democratic society.
I can't do anything about that sound.
That's the recording that we have, maybe on purpose, because maybe here Noam Chomsky is still absolutely speaking 100% truth.
In the next nine minutes, at some point in the first some minutes, he's going to absolutely blow your mind.
There is a standard view about this matter.
This standard view is expressed, for example, by Supreme Court Justice Powell, who speaks of what he calls the societal purpose of the First Amendment, that is, enabling the public to assert meaningful control over the political process.
Now, he happens to be speaking about the media and their crucial role in affecting this societal purpose.
I would already argue that that's wrong.
And I think because of all the discussions that I've had with some of my good friends during the pandemic, like regular guy on YouTube, I've come to understand this as a, as kind of not the right argument because freedom of the press is the freedom of the printing press, the ability to print pamphlets and cartoons and small books and flyers and distribute them without anybody stopping you.
It's not about necessarily, maybe newspapers too, but understand it's very, you got to be very careful when he starts talking about the media in general, because this is, this is beyond the scope of the constitution at the time that it was written.
And so we have to be careful because we don't want to be enticed into overextending things and overextending our understanding to the point where we are
we are no longer armed with the legal protections that we should be because we don't understand them well enough.
So I'm not saying yes or no, I'm just saying be careful with these words and be careful with this subject because it's not as simple as I understand free speech.
and the history of free speech, and it's in the Constitution, and that kind of thing.
You've got to be careful about what he says, freedom of the press, freedom of speech, this kind of thing.
You want to learn that stuff.
This is part of the list of exercises that everybody's got to do in America if we're really going to pull our heads out.
We can't assume that these people that have stepped in front of us to speak for us are really speaking the truth.
We need to know.
remarks could be made and should be made about the educational system, about publishing, about intellectual life generally.
But the media are particularly important in providing free access to information and opinion, and therefore allowing a democratic process to function in a meaningful way.
So the media therefore fulfill what the New York Times on Sunday called their traditional Jeffersonian role as a counterbalance to government power.
And if one takes Jefferson seriously, as he may or may not have taken himself, he would presumably have gone further, speaking not just of counterbalancing government power, but counterbalancing other concentrations of power.
specifically the kinds that developed in the post-Jeffersonian period, corporate power, which is the dominant feature of modern social life.
Well, all of this seems obvious, even tautological.
What else could be the foundations of democracy?
But it's worth bearing in mind that there is a contrary view, and it probably is the dominant view among liberal democratic theorists.
It goes right back to the origins of modern
democracy in the English revolutions of the 17th century, English revolution of the 17th century, at that time, great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses and their pamphlets and their public speeches.
So when is this?
The 17th century.
They were already worried about these people with their pamphlets and their printing presses.
Now listen carefully.
Which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the parliament and the king were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in the history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind.
men who know the people's swords," quoting from Leveller pamphlets.
And observing their activities, one contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule, which is a big problem.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
The greatest part cannot know, and therefore they must believe.
Now, these concerns arose once again during the American Revolution, as they typically do during popular revolutions.
And it was not until the 1780s that the Radical Democrats in the American Revolution were crushed, and there was no more any thought that people would be represented by
people at that time, men of their own kind, who know the people's sores.
They would be represented by those qualified to rule over them, of whom they were permitted to make a selection, the modern democratic political system, which follows the principle laid down by the founding fathers, that those who own the country ought to govern it, quoting John Jay.
Now,
All of this comes right to the present.
I won't try to go through the history, but there's a rich tradition expressing these same views.
It comes right down to the present.
In the modern version, Reinhold Niebuhr, for example, the revered moralist and foreign policy analyst, he explained that, in his words, rationality belongs to the cool observer.
But because of the stupidity of the average man, he follows not reason, but faith.
And this faith relies upon necessary illusion.
I thank him for offering me my title.
This faith relies upon necessary illusion and emotionally potent oversimplifications, which have to be provided by the myth-makers, by the cool observers, folks like us, smart guys.
Wow!
myths provided by the cool observers sounded like he described the stupid complicated and dumb simple things that I've been saying I just stumbled upon myself as I realized that this was the pattern they either attacked you with a stupid complicated narrative with too many details for you to check with too many terms for you to learn the concepts too many concepts to integrate
Or they attack you with a dumb, simple narrative that's like, what?
Wait, what?
There's so much more involved.
No, it's just this.
I could let it play, but I think I want to keep this a little tight here.
I also really enjoy thinking about why movies show up when they do.
I have been debating with a few friends of mine about why it is that the remake of Dune came out now.
You know, it's not for nothing that real ID in the United States in May of 2025 is going to be required to use your driver's license to fly around America.
You can't use your driver's license anymore unless it's a real ID as of May of 2025.
And that was already scheduled for quite some time.
Do you think that that's an accident?
Or are you able to see on long enough time horizons now to understand that these people are manipulating our habits and opinions, our concerns, so that we didn't see the real ID coming as the real digital ID.
It's coming.
It's already been in law for a very, very long time.
The infrastructure to give you a real ID is already in place.
That's not going anywhere.
Every DMV in America already has it.
Florida.
has already been using it since the start of the pandemic.
That was what was so comical about moving to Florida with all these people at the beginning of the pandemic.
They were going to pick up a real ID by just changing their driver's license.
And so there's a, that's happening right now.
This is happening right now.
And that's what I've come to realize, even with this, let me just point out something here.
I just want to point out what happens here.
Now remember, I'm not saying this isn't a good movie.
I enjoyed this movie a lot.
I enjoyed the book a lot too.
But what's really interesting is that now, remember, he's going into a mountain full of fanatics.
I mean, don't even call them fanatics, just think about them as very serious religious people, like these are real Muslims, and they're in Saudi Arabia walking around the Black Cube,
He's walking through the middle of them.
You know, they think about it like that Okay, that's what this is supposed to represent on a different planet.
And these guys are serious Religious people that are all dressed the same they live in a very harsh environment.
They have you know witches then and and and seers that are really powerful and really smart that they submit to and They're gathering at the bottom of a planet.
There's thousands of them inside of this giant cave and they're all praying together and
We must talk.
Stillcar, you can stop this.
Do you hear me?
You have the power to stop this.
Northern women, you are not allowed to speak inside the circle.
If you want to speak, you know what to do.
Now, if she wants to speak inside of the circle, what she's supposed to do is kill her leader, because only tribal chiefs are allowed to speak inside of this circle.
So it seems like kind of a pretty strict rule,
that in the face of tens of thousands of fellow strict followers that have their whole life followed this strict set of rules that includes no one can talk inside of this circle unless they kill their tribal leader in order to sit and take their place.
But this girl just casually goes up and starts talking inside of the circle, and that guy just casually warns her, hey, you know you're not allowed to do that.
If you want to talk inside of the circle, you know what you have to do.
This scene has always bothered me.
Because very quickly she should be dead, right?
Now some people are gonna approach and pretend to pull her out.
But then she does something even crazier.
Again, remember, she's in a room with thousands of people.
Outside of this room are thousands more people that couldn't fit in.
She's gonna stand up in the middle of that mosque in Saudi Arabia while thousands of people are walking around the black cube and start shouting, Muhammad is a fake.
This is how they enslave you.
And nothing's gonna happen to her.
She ignored him and kept talking.
Now she takes her headdress off to show that she doesn't give a shit.
And then she screams at a cave full of fanatics.
And then it's not even a one of these religious people that pulls her down and shuts her mouth.
But it's a guy who doesn't believe in the religion and knows that Paul is kind of sort of just going with it.
In the book, that's not how this is.
In the original movie, I don't think that's how this is.
His girlfriend from the Fremen is not skeptical of him.
It's a very interesting plot twist tossed into this little movie where everybody that's watching the movie knows that Paul doubts himself, that his mom doubts himself, that the Bene Gesserit doubt him.
That's not what happens in the book.
That's not what happens in the original movie.
It's very strange.
It's an interesting plot point in my mind, because, you know, again, here he's going to come out and convince the whole cave.
She just stood up in front of a bunch of people and said, this is bullshit.
That's my boyfriend, and this is bullshit.
And this bullshit is how they enslave us.
But yet now he's going to show and produce prophecy and magic and read this guy's mind.
And then everybody's going to drop down to their knees.
Get yourself in trouble.
This is none of your business.
Rabban Harkonnen himself killed my family.
He gave me this scar to remember him by.
This is all of my business.
Now remember, these people believe that she's like all powerful.
She tells them what to do.
All of these people would listen.
And all those women walking with her have something to say too, that none of these people would dare doubt.
And yet she just stood up and said, this is all bullshit.
This is how they enslave us.
And now here comes her boyfriend that she thinks is full of shit.
And he's gonna step inside of the circle.
And he's gonna talk smack about why would I destroy my best warrior.
Only tribe leaders can speak.
If you wish to share your voice, you must take his place by defeating him and returning his water to the well.
You think I'm stupid enough to deprive myself of the best of us?
So that guy who's ready to give up his life in order to help him fulfill a prophecy that he believes in since he was a boy
didn't feel it was that big of a deal for that chick to come up and say some crap about, you know, you can stop this and you should stop this when he thinks that this is the culmination of his lifelong belief.
And in fact, their entire culture's multi-generational belief in the arrival of a savior.
And yet nobody in this room that is gathering because they are considering the possibility that multi-generational myth is about to be fulfilled in the form of a savior from the outer worlds.
This lady decides to violate, you know, something that, you know, you have to kill in order to get in here, by the way, and they don't care.
She stands up in front of a room of thousands who believe enough to ride giant worms across their country through a giant sandstorm in order to get to this cave and hang out with this guy and test and figure out whether he's... Do you see the problem?
She should be dead.
And it should have ruined the story and the telling of this story that anybody doubted him and goes into the final battle doubting him.
This is not a good telling of the story, and there's probably a reason that I haven't been able to discern yet.
But it's a very weak telling of the story, because he's about to drop a whole- I'm pointing the way!
He's about to drop a whole cave to their knees after just telling, look.
This is a battling culture where they fight each other to the death.
Think of samurais in ancient Japan in shogun with high honor.
Think about any kind of extreme religion and these people have just been told, there's not one person in the room that can take me, you are all pussies.
And that's not a joke with these people, that is an insult to their honor.
That's why they all stand up.
And those are the people that she said, you guys are idiots.
This is how they enslave us.
This prophecy is a joke.
Those people.
So with his words alone, he's able to make thousands of people stand up and draw a knife.
Thousands of people want to murder him right now, but they not very much They're not interested in that circle thing with you know, you have to kill your tribe leader to talk in there They're not worried about that.
She could have said something from outside of the circle She didn't need to walk into the circle to talk to Stilgar she could have talked from outside of the circle she violated that custom
on purpose.
Then she violated the custom again by taking her headdress off.
Then she violated and insulted them again by saying that this prophecy is how they enslave us and she's alive.
But this guy walks into the middle of the circle and says all you guys are wimps and every one of them draws their knife.
It's a powerful scene.
Do you think you could have a chance?
Dune.
Marty.
And there it is.
So he follows the script.
follows the script supposedly that the Bene Jesuit put there generations ago, and these people grew up believing.
And now the weird part about it is, right, is that he's able to read that person's mind.
He's able to read, he's able to use the voice.
He's able to do all these things.
He's able to drink the, so there's no reason for her not to believe in him.
There's no reason for him not to believe that he's the one because they're not supposed to have boy kids, right?
And now they had a boy kid before they were supposed to have a boy kid.
So that's a problem.
Do you see the problem here?
Something is broken, is incongruent in the way this story is told in order to tell it in such a way that defeats the sort of magic of the story in my opinion.
I want you to listen to the author of Dune explain something that I think is very, very profound.
It's really cool.
Let me see if I can get this to work.
It's a two-edged sword without a handle, and if you grab it hard enough to wield it, you're going to be self-destructive.
Yes.
I deliberately did this in Dune for that whirling backward through the story.
There was another thing there.
In the pacing of the story, it was very slow at the beginning.
It's a colloidal rhythm all the way through the story.
It's a what?
A colloidal rhythm.
Okay.
Very slow.
Pace increasing all the way through.
And when you get to the ending of it, I've chopped it at a
at a non-breaking point so that the person reading the story skids out of the story trailing bits of it with him.
And on this I know I was successful because people come to me and say that they want more and
I have said this to my classes, that in many ways as satisfying as Dune is, I find it unsatisfying because there are so many unanswered questions.
You don't tie up the loose ends of, say, Paul's sister.
Unless you read, what is it, The Hunters of a Thousand Worlds?
That marvelous little footnote.
Princess Alia.
But, or several other things.
The whole question of the Spacing Guild itself and how it got to be the way it was is handled very, you know... Well, let's examine something as far as fiction in general is concerned.
Now there are other reasons why stories are remembered, and I'm talking about the story in the classic sense of the of the Jean L'Heure who goes from castle to castle to earn his meal.
All right.
Entertainment.
Sure.
The stories that are remembered are the ones that strike sparks from your mind.
One way or another.
It's like a grinding wheel.
They touch you and sparks fly.
Whether this be something like the Miller's Tale of Chaucer or Sir Gawain and the Grain of Knicks, if you please.
Yes, indeed.
Or, well, we could adduce thousands of other examples up to, say, Treasure Island or what you will.
There's sparks there, okay?
I'm just reading your term.
Now, we all have stories that we go on with after finishing reading them.
As children, we can remember playing Treasure Island.
Right.
Or playing Tom Sawyer.
Or Tom Sawyer.
Any of these.
We remember playing these.
The story stayed with us.
The characters and their conflicts and their joys, their play.
All stayed with us.
And it enkindled sparks in our own imagination so that we were then active in creative play.
That's exactly right.
We went on and told the story ourself.
Now, I deliberately did this in Dune for that purpose.
I want the person to go on and construct for himself all of these marvelous flights of fantasy and imagination.
I want him to... You see,
You haven't had the Spacing Guild explained completely just enough so that you know its existence.
Now, with lots of people...
They've got to complete this.
Yes.
So they build it up in their own minds.
Yeah.
Now, this is right out of the story, though, you see.
Or the whole... The sparks have flown.
Bene Gesserit, you pronounce it?
Bene Gesserit, yeah.
Bene Gesserit.
Their whole mystique and so on is relatively unexplained.
Why do they want the Kwisatz Haderach in the first place, you see, is relatively... The name of the game is power.
Yeah.
And they want power, hmm?
That explains it to a certain extent.
They want power in a specific way.
You know, I've always been amazed by the statement, or by the label, of psychological warfare.
There can be no such thing as psychological warfare.
If you develop a psychological weapon
sufficiently that it is destructive to any potential enemy, it will destroy you with the enemy.
It's a two-edged sword without a handle, and if you grab it hard enough to wield it, you're going to- It's just self-destructive.
Yes.
So we could have a variation on the Lord Acton
notion power corrupts both the user and the receiver of the power both absolutely right uh-huh actin i'm gonna keep it playing but i just want to answer christy this is the author of dune frank herbert being interviewed by somebody on his book saw it yeah how interesting i had no i hadn't thought of the who power corrupts and now the betty jesserett see this
You see how they keep themselves in the background.
Yes, that's true.
They want a user of power they can control.
I see.
With safety to them.
That's right.
It's a safety device, you see.
Yeah.
And I say this in several ways, not in this way.
not in this blatant, you know, way, but implying it with all of its permutations, because there are much more to this.
We could go on for several hours discussing this aspect of it.
Yeah, the whole attitude of Reverend Mother Gaius Moyam, for example, Helen Gaius Moyam.
Yes, I see how we could.
various aspects of it.
Well, I'd like to examine this a little bit further in some of the religious constructs.
Before we get into that, let me tell you something.
I was up at Sonoma State last month to talk to a class up there, and the question that seemed to attract the most attention from the class, somebody asked back there, what's all this nonsense about controlling people with voice?
And there seemed to be a lot of agreement with this point of view, that it's impossible to do this.
And so I said, we do it all the time.
Of course we do.
And it's amazing to me that anybody could even begin to question this as a fact of our existence.
And they couldn't see it.
So I said, well, I'll give you an example.
I'm going to describe a man to you.
You know this man.
And I'm going to give you a task of controlling him by voice after I've described him and after you recognize him."
I said, this is a man who was in World War I as a sergeant, came home from World War I to his small town in the Midwest, married his childhood sweetheart, and went into his father's business.
raised two children whom he didn't understand, and they don't understand him.
He joined the VFW and the Legion, went on every picnic, every convention, lived by the double standard, he thought.
Now, on the telephone,
Strictly by voice.
I want you to make him mad Now that might be hard for us to put into context, you know world war one veteran came home took over his father's business raised two kids that he doesn't understand and
Maybe we just have to make it a more modern person, like somebody who voted Democrat their whole life, really hates Donald Trump, lost their business during the first part of COVID, and blames everything on Donald Trump, and now call him up and piss him off.
Well, that's very easy, right?
And you could flip that around too and say, you know, you know, somebody who maybe you wouldn't be able to make them mad, but you could, you could come up with a scenario like that right now, even if you just went like, uh, uh, it's somebody who's cheered for the Green Bay Packers his whole life.
And, uh, you know, really likes all everything about football and whatever, then you could come up with something, you know, like.
And Brett Favre is the best of your franchises ever had.
And you could try to come up with something that would piss them off.
You can control them with words.
And so it's really not a very bad representation to say when you say, give me the water, that they just do it because the way you use the language forces them to do it unconsciously.
It's a perfect representation of what an illusion of consensus on social media might get someone to do without even knowing they're doing it.
Accepting a mythology.
Explaining a mythology to their kids.
Listen.
Simplest thing in the world.
Now, what we're saying here is that, see I've drawn a gross caricature of course, but we're saying that if you know the individual well enough, if you know the subtleties of his strengths and weaknesses, that merely by the way you cast your voice, by the words you select, by the intonations, whatever,
whatever right you can control him now if you can do it in a gross way obviously with refinement you can do it in much more subtle fashion and it's done all the time in politics and this is one of the techniques it's done all the time according to noam chomsky and according to uh somebody like noam chomsky they've known this for generations already all the way back to the 17th century they've known this
This is very important to see, ladies and gentlemen.
It's really, really, really important to see because we are very close to breaking this.
Because that's what they did to us.
From the start of the pandemic, there were people put in place with scripts, with limited spectrums of debate that they curated, that they got us excited about, that they knew how to get us to fight about.
They set up each other to be on different sides of these arguments and deferred to each other as the source of those arguments that they were arguing.
And ignored all the people like me and all the people like Mark, if there are any other people like me and Mark, who have not accepted
the spoon feeding of a laboratory leak mystery that needed to be solved over the course of five years and a rollout of transfection under the guise of investigational vaccine that these people still haven't been able to adequately describe.
And so yes, I do think that there are important pieces of this puzzle that have come in contact with my family that make it very easy for me to declare that these are ways to find your way out.
And so if you would do the calendar work here and you pay close attention to the 27th of November, 2020, when this website came live, it's not there anymore, but the contents of that website are still available on the internet where these people, I think this guy actually roped in a couple of good guys.
along with Claire Craig, who's not a good guy, and wrote a paper that didn't really usefully question the existence of the novel virus, nor did it usefully question the usefulness of PCR to track it, just questioned the specific details of the test put out by Drorsten and accepted by the WHO.
And that is by design.
And that's why none other than Kevin McKernan, whose father was doing work that supported the Human Genome Project, and that he was actually the Research and Development Director of.
There's no reason for him to be on podcasts in 2020 unless he's working.
And I think that math is really easy to do.
And so I've been following him for five years now.
And he was recently on the Danny Jones podcast just at the end of the year.
And I've been using this slide repeatedly and accusing him of being committed to a spectacular level to these national security lies.
And so I think at some point, you know, I hope everybody would look at this interview and try to find out if I'm full of it or not, but I've taken a couple of clips here and I want to make a couple of points with these clips in order to make sure that you see that the truth is available right now because that's the way it has to be.
They have to create this much chaos and expose themselves because we've pushed them this far because the pressure has been steady and they are breaking.
They have only one script to stick to.
So what is this spectacular commitment to lies that's required?
What lies are they committed to?
Here's one of the main ones, in my humble opinion.
It was a group in Seattle that showed that their lab people were testing positive for kovat But didn't have kovat and they only tested positive if you remember the kovat test They actually had three assays usually testing for the virus.
They would look at the spike They'd look at nucleocaps and they look at the envelope.
Okay, so that is an absolutely positively 100% national security state lie It's a lie
There were so few tests available in 2020 and 2021 that had three amplicons.
I bet you can't find one.
I'm challenging anybody.
I'm challenging Kevin McKernan and Sasha Latipova and all of those people on Team Robert Malone.
Show me a PCR, EUA PCR test
description from 2020 that had three amplicons, the N-protein, the E-protein, and the S-protein.
Show me one.
And then show me all the ones from 2020 that had just one amplicon.
Let's make a list.
And then let's make a list of how many of the reported cases that were reported in 2020 and 2021 were taken from tests with three amplicons or taken from tests with one amplicon.
This is one of the biggest lies that all of these people have to cover up that took place in 2020 and 2021.
It is the conversion of a background noise
to a high fidelity signal that represents a novel virus.
And that's why he was on the scene in 2020 so often in so many different podcasts, because that part of the narrative needed lots of protection.
And that's why he is explicitly saying this on the Danny Jones podcast, not just, you know, wherever they wandered and wherever they talked about.
No, no, this is a carefully orchestrated strip script that he has been practicing and perfecting with coaching from the behind the scenes for more than five years now, ladies and gentlemen, wake up.
And I made this point on the, on the show the other day, because it's really important.
Um,
What was the known background in 2019?
We don't have any data.
Is the E protein a background signal?
Is the N protein a background signal?
Is the S protein or the amplicon that they selected from it a background signal?
Is there the conserved regions of the RNA dependent RNA polymerase subunits?
Are any of those hot background signals?
Are any of these background signals possibly confounded with these purported signals that are actually from PCR tests we can never check because they're all gone?
And he's lying to you about the number of amplicons that were in most tests.
He's lying to you by not telling you that nested primers would make them much more accurate and they were not used.
Canada did not use nested primers and did not use multiple amplicons.
And then nobody was checking the sequence of the amplicon that was brought up except for DITRA, where all of these crappy tests were sent for the first two years.
Again, something that none of these people are gonna talk about because that's 2020 and 2021 and they don't talk about those years anymore.
Except for, again, being on podcasts where they tell these lies and they show a spectacular commitment to them.
where their narrative and their understanding and their explanation has not advanced in five years.
You can go back to the Vance Crowe podcast and hear the same story that he's telling now, plus DNA contamination.
It's time for this to break, ladies and gentlemen.
Right now, they are absolutely over their skis because this script is over.
And they have created a remnant
stream that is too valuable and too necessary and too central to their plan.
Sequencing all the college kids repeatedly in 2020 and 2021 using testing that none of these people opposed.
None of these people said, maybe take the year off and don't go back to college.
And then the following year, they mandated a transfection for those kids.
And again, none of these people spoke up at all.
because that remnant stream was part of their money, part of their job to create it, to normalize it, and to ignore it while they talked about the shots, while they talked about a lab leak, while they talked about ivermectin, while they ignored the opioid crisis in America.
And so that's why they came to my house and not yours.
Because in 2020, as a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, I was on YouTube saying that these people were using a nonspecific PCR test to convince us of something that's actually just a background.
I wasn't perfect.
I wasn't exactly right yet, but essentially I had it.
And I was also saying that transfection would be a crime because they already know that this is not an investigational vaccine.
As a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and it wasn't until October of 2020 that they asked me not to come in.
And so again, just trying to keep this timeline straight, right?
Because that was 2020.
And in 2020, in November, you know, months after I was already there,
comes the Corman Jorstin review with Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig of Heart and a few other people that I don't trust at all.
And they didn't object to the testing and didn't question the novel virus, just said that the test that Jorstin got through peer review too fast.
And a year later,
In December of 2021, Kevin McKernan is on my stream saying the RNA isn't pure.
There are live dead technologies that we could use so that we could tell whether there were, you know, the right number of viruses were there or anybody was infectious or not.
And I was blown away by the absolutely stupid amount of detail that he could give me and the stupid, simple explanation, or the dumb, simple explanation of overcycling of PCR.
And he was just confirming everything I wanted to believe I understood.
And so he didn't say anything useful.
He just confirmed the novel virus, the strains, and confirmed that the PCR wasn't working exactly as they said.
Maybe the virus was around in 2019.
You never know.
And so it's a very spectacular commitment to lies that this guy has shown us on Danny Jones.
And the one that I find the most striking and the one that I've kind of been just wondering, how is it that no one else is seeing this?
Why isn't someone else doing a stream about this?
Wouldn't somebody call me about this by now and say, hey, wait a minute, this is weird, Jonathan.
Can you help us understand what's going on here?
So I guess I gotta do it on my own stream.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Oh.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of EcoHealth into the WIV.
So the first thing is that he's saying that these grants that fund EcoHealth and WIV and that Ralph Baric taught the WIV how to make coronaviruses or how to do gain of function, which is absurd because
The details of gain of function are just ligation, which is the joining of two DNA together.
Ligation is what all molecular biologists on all academic benches, they're all doing it for some reason or another, just join this DNA with that DNA.
And the way you do it is you cut it with one enzyme that works there, enzyme that works there, and then you get the ends that fit together.
And everybody knows how to do it.
It's old school.
So this idea of assembly even has like a number of products, like Golden Gate Assembly is just a product that people sell for putting things together.
Ralph Baric didn't teach them anything.
That's like saying Ralph Baric is the one who taught the French how to make cakes.
It's like, well, no.
There's lots of bakers out there.
Everybody knows how to bake.
And everybody knows how to make a DNA sequence and link it to another DNA sequence.
And anybody that was doing plant biology on the molecular level would know how to make a large construct of DNA using ligation techniques.
And that's no different when doing synthetic biology in virology.
You're just making DNA, and then you have to make a big DNA, because they're big DNA, I guess.
And then you put that big DNA in a cell culture in a highly pure, large quantity, and then the cell culture reacts to it, packages it, whatever, and you call that virology.
And he is spectacularly committed to covering up that lie.
because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seam technique, which is a technique of assembling
No-see-um technique is something that Ralph Baric said a couple times in passing, and now these guys are talking about it like it's just the thing.
It's just so absurd.
That's also how they wrote it in the book, which is just dumb.
But again, if you gotta follow the script, you gotta follow the script, right?
viral genome, so you don't leave any evidence behind.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together.
So he just called it golden gate assembly, so it's not a no-see-um technique at all.
It's a technique that probably descends directly from one of his colleagues in the Human Genome Project.
Right?
And so it's a really, again, it's stupid, complicated, so that Danny Jones can't follow what he just said, which is that all the things that I just said was bullshit, because it's not an OCM technique, and Barrick didn't teach him anything.
They just used standard molecular biological tools, one of which has the name, before the pandemic, Golden Gate Assembly.
But if you're not a biologist and you don't know the names and these details and some of these words and what they mean, then it can be very, very hard to follow.
And that's what Stupid Complicated does.
That's his specialty.
You can't tell that someone built it necessarily from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints that make us, that got them caught basically.
And you should, if you want to hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped, you know, RFK write his book about this.
And Charles- So what?
Sorry, what?
Rixey's a Marine and he's been like a dog on a bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So that's really interesting.
Charles Rixey leaked the defuse proposal to drastic and drastic released a cleaned up PDF of it.
And also actually, CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
reported that Veritas
released the diffuse proposal and didn't say anything about Rixie, which is really weird because Rixie and I met for the second time in person at the Knoxville CHD conference and the first time at my house in January of 2022.
when he came to my house to convince me that the diffuse proposal was real when I had spent the last three months telling everybody that drastic was full of shit with this proposal and it fits so well it was a joke they're not spraying vaccines into bat caves and causing pandemics come on people
sent Charles to my house at the beginning of 2022 in order to make sure that I rejoined drastic and streamed.
And that stream is the stream that Robert Malone supposedly recommended to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Senator Ron Johnson to watch and to hire me.
And yet here is the fellow from the Human Genome Project, the former
Acolyte of Mark Lander and and Francis Collins on a very popular podcast not even a month ago saying that it's Charles Rixey who helped Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Write his book and that Charles Rixey released the diffuse proposal So we can do some fact-checking on that right that's pretty easy to do we can check that right now, let's just Let's look here
and see on the acknowledgements page whether or not Charles Rixey's listed.
Hmm.
Let's see.
Would he be listed here?
Because they were.
Children's Health Defense was paying us, so let's see.
Judith and Nancy and Carrie and Rebecca and Gina and Rachel and Rita and Aaron and Jackie and Zoe.
I know all those people.
Brian Hooker, you know.
Laura Bono, she started the whole organization, right?
Kim's a lawyer and Ralph's a lawyer.
And there's Risa.
I really like Risa a lot.
She's great.
Mary, not so much.
Sue is his secretary, I think.
David Whiteside, I think, is his nephew that runs the Defender podcast.
Heather Ray is on the science team.
She's so sweet.
Amy Miller, Matt, Ray Flores, another lawyer.
So there's no Rixie there.
This book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable insights provided by Jonathan Cooey?
Gavin DeBecker, that's his head of security that apparently Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
still owes him money because he's still sending out emails to everybody saying that he's got debts from his unsuccessful presidential campaign because he had to pay for private security that the government wouldn't pay for.
private security that he had when I met him at the CHD conference in 2022.
So it's weird when he declared that he was gonna run for president, that he had security already, that he was already having for years, then needed new, and now he's in debt where he wasn't in debt.
I don't know how that really works.
Okay, anyway, Merrill Nass, Francis Boyle, that's the guy from the University of Illinois who's an expert on
on bioweapons, just like the doctor from Maine who's apparently an expert on bioweapons.
Paul Thacker, Brett Weinstein, brilliant evolutionary biologist.
Lee Smith, Jan Jekielek of the Epoch Times, you know, that guy's awesome.
Elaine Duar, I don't know who that is, Derek Harvey.
Stephen Quay, the guy from Australia who's
who's sure that this is a lab leak.
Andrew Huff, real stand up fella.
I got to meet him in Boston at Bobby's announcement.
Jeffrey Sachs, that's an interesting guy, the most popular speaker at the Vatican.
I really think I was told a story or heard a story that Bobby met Jeffrey Sachs in a tent in Africa when he was 21 years old.
But again, that could be just me.
Could just be me not remembering everything.
But Jeffrey Sachs also supposedly had a private meeting with Kevin McCairn.
that's the raccoon guy, and Charles Rixey on a weekend on a Saturday when I was going camping.
And they supposedly had a private discussion with him that they later had another live stream that they discussed, you know, what they had talked about with Jeffrey Sachs, and they really wanted me to be there.
But I was going camping, so I didn't show up.
Richard Ebright is the guy who at the end of
In the middle of 2020, when everybody was about to go back to college, he said that if they go back to college without masks or without mandates or without controls or without testing, that up to a quarter million college students would be dead by Christmas.
Annie Jacobson is the lady with the very warm voice who goes on Joe Rogan's podcast and talks about how much she knows about nukes.
Hal Gold, I don't know.
Alex Joska, I don't know.
And Stephen Kinzer, I don't know.
Okay, so there you go.
I guess there's no, I don't see Charles Rixey listed here.
That's kind of weird, right?
I would be kind of shooting myself in the foot.
If I come out against almost all of these people and say that, you know, these guys tricked me and that all of these people, I talked to them at the end of the publishing of the book and explained what I've been explaining for the last year.
And they just ignored me.
They didn't do anything about it.
What do I have to gain by saying that?
So let's just keep going here.
I mean, is there a, there's a, you know, interestingly enough, um, for this book, it's really cool.
There is a, um, there's a index that we can see right here.
So we can look in the index and see if the index works.
First of all, um, here's the index for Jonathan Cooey and there's some pages we could go read.
Okay.
So then that means, I guess, if Charles Rixey's in here and he's credited with all, you know, figuring this shit out, that there should be something in here on Rixey, huh?
Let's see, hmm.
Remdesivir, Revolution in Military Roads, Scholar, Rice, Ridley, Rinsberg, RNA viruses, Robert Wood Johnson, what the hell?
Why isn't there any Rixey in here?
If he helped him write the book,
Why wouldn't Rixie, why would McKernan mention Rixie?
Has McKernan met Rixie before?
It's not clear to me how he knows Rixie.
Rixie's been to my house.
I met Rixie at the Knoxville Conference of CHD in 2022, it was cool.
I met Matt Crawford that day too, and Robert Malone, and Jill Glasspool Malone, and Whitney Webb, and Ryan Cole.
It's really strange, right?
Because I'm in the index.
I guess since I'm in the index, we might as well just check to see what else, you know.
I mean, what did they put in here of me?
Uh, 281.
Let's go to 281.
Hmm.
Let's see.
281.
Huh.
I mean, maybe there's something about Rixie here.
Maybe I mentioned Rixie.
Hmm.
281. 281.
Here it is right here on the bottom.
281.
Coronaviruses are composed of strings of RNA code which is very unstable in nature and gets increasingly unstable with each replication.
That's likely why the SARS 2002 pandemic fizzled out so quickly.
Says Jonathan Cui.
An RNA virus is like a 1970s audio cassette.
The master copy retains high fidelity, but every new copy thereafter loses quality and coherence.
However,
Barrick's reverse genetic techniques allow him to create DNA clones of artificially infectious strains on paper and then to generate in a lab huge numbers of identical particles that would far exceed the purity of any natural infection, enabling the potential production of stocks that were ideal launch pads for pandemics.
So see, Bobby already understood it.
These words can't be in there if he doesn't already get it.
It's just that I wasn't quite good enough at explaining it, right?
That's the one problem.
So let's see if we got more in the indexes.
283, so that's just one page away.
Let's see if that's very similar here.
Where is it?
283.
Bats and stuff and bats and stuff and bats and stuff.
Do you see it?
I don't see it.
Sorry, maybe I'll look at the screen instead of the book. 183.
Baric's specialty, synthesizing super-infectious clones of naturally-occurring viruses, solved one of the long-standing challenges of CoV research, the near-impossibility of culturing most species in vitro.
In this book, they are preserving the myth of viruses.
Even though before this book was published, I had decided that a lot of these no-virus claims were actually valid and that viruses might be an exaggeration.
and that I wanted to explain it very succinctly by saying that they can find sequences in the wild, and then they can make pure copies of those sequences and pretend to study them in cell culture, but they're not recapitulating natural processes.
This is what I got in the book.
Researchers don't pass cultures of virus around like they do with bacteria.
Cell lines or mouse lines, says biologist Jonathan Cooey.
If you cannot,
culture it, you cannot make enough to use as a stable laboratory model.
Barrick's techniques made this a non-issue.
Barrick's lab clones were nearly perfectly pure.
The frightening significance of this is difficult to overestimate.
Barrick had devised a method for creating huge quantities of infectious RNA, you could just say pure RNA or pure DNA, that would otherwise never exist in nature.
Barrick's techniques allowed him to make laboratory recombinations of any identified viral genes, any sequences they find in the sewer, in an animal, that she had recovered in her fishing expeditions using metagenomic sequencing of bat blood, feces, and saliva to generate billions of identical lab clones in concentrations and purities, ideally suited to cause a pandemic.
Maybe not, because the pandemics can't happen.
but ideally suited to plant a sequence and find it wherever they wanted to.
That for sure.
And so thanks to Barrick and the tutorials he gave the Chinese.
And again here, this is Bobby writing the same thing that McKernan was quoting on the Danny Jones podcast more than a year later, that Barrick taught them something that's just, it's bacon bread.
Molecular ligation of DNA molecules is just, it's weak sauce.
It's not important.
I'm gonna keep going with the index, 310.
Remember, Rixey helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write this book.
310, hmm.
This is in, interesting, this is in the Diffuse Proposal Chapter 47.
Now, how did they use me for the Diffuse Proposal?
Here it is.
Jonathan Cooey similarly observes.
The fact that Fauci and NIH turned down DASAC's proposal is irrelevant.
The proposal itself is evidence that the work may have already been done.
And that's how modern research is conducted and funded.
That's actually what I said on my podcast in January with Rixie in my own house in Shaler, Pennsylvania.
In January of 2022, it dawned on me
that that proposal could have already been done because, again, that's how a lot of proposals are done.
They actually have the data already.
They know it'll work.
They've tested it.
And for a few weeks, I thought, you know, that's really interesting.
That is actually crazy.
And now remember that podcast is the one that Robert Malone sat Bobby Kennedy down and sat Senator Ron Johnson down and said, hey, you got to watch this podcast and listen to these guys because they got it.
And part of what they got was this part right here.
They oftentimes grant proposals are already done or some of the data has or the experiments have been done.
They have preliminary data.
And that was a very cool part of the story because then if the defuse proposal is real, then maybe they did do it.
What they left out of the book is that Dr. Cooey doesn't think that the defuse proposal is real.
They left that part out.
Even though I told them repeatedly from the moment that they hired me, that that was the case.
And in fact, that was the main reason why I think they hired Rixey in the beginning was to make sure that Rixey would be there to make sure that the diffuse proposal was real.
And that's why it was really a problem.
when my coworker and I came on a meeting that had this Kevin McCairn in there, and then the uncompromised, non-sabotaged people at CHD that looked into Kevin McCairn realized that this is not just a random guy.
that was in the hotel room with Rixie, and if Rixie won't explain himself, he's fired, and that's how he lost his job.
So it is extraordinary that not only is he not in the book, not only is he not in the index, and there's even a cast of characters that I'm listed as a neurobiologist at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, and Rixie is not listed at all.
Not as the guy who helped drastic release the diffuse proposal like Kevin McCarran of the Hell Human Genome Project said on the Danny Jones podcast, no,
Not at all!
Stop lying!
Okay, 310 and now what's the next one?
310, 319, still probably the... Oh no, next chapter is wrapped around my finger.
319.
Oh, this is still Diffuse Proposals, sorry.
This is still the Diffuse Proposals, so maybe I got it.
Here it is.
Jonathan Cooey explains, the magic of Barham's no-see-um technique is to invisibly weave these telltale spelling changes into the viral sequence between relevant genes without altering the viral protein.
This is like changing the spelling of the word without changing its pronunciation or meaning.
The casual listener will never notice the difference.
And Cooey continues, consider how a Brit would spell color.
And so this whole analogy here comes from a discussion that I had with Bobby about how to explain what Barrick's techniques do and don't do.
And I was still thinking that I was learning very fast and explaining very quickly to a guy who I thought was a hero.
That a lot of people that I was working with at the time thought he was a hero, including Laura Bono and including all those names on that list.
And so it was very easy for me to get sucked in despite how many people told me it was crazy and that he was compromised.
And obviously he can't be a good guy.
I've heard it a lot, but I never believed it then.
And I was getting paid like $9,000 a month.
Why would I believe that?
I thought I was finally winning.
319, 349.
Now that's interesting here.
Dr. Jonathan Cooey pointed out that while numerous point mutations exist between SARS-CoV-2 and the Moenka cave virus, here we are again with the lab leak, the difference between the two did not occur in hundreds of mutations evenly across the genome as one would expect.
And so here we are again with this citation here is going to be about the sequence that was reported versus the sequences that were in the database versus the database being erased.
And then here we bring in the diffuse proposal again, although again, I'm not writing this, he's writing this.
And then now we go back to the E protein and how the E protein and a lot of these reported viruses is the same.
And at the time, I didn't realize why that was.
But the reason why that is, is because they are pulling from a background using metagenomics.
So a lot of times, that background is the same, which makes it even worse for their testing, right?
And finally, again, you know, you can do this all yourself.
The book's available.
441.
So 441 says here, um...
But not just engineered superbugs that concern us.
With such an inventory of genomic sequences of every virus in the world, malevolent actors with billions of dollars at stake could attribute even the most harmless seasonal colds to a deadly villain.
Pumped up in the media with pandemic porn and then a vaccine deployed on the terrified masses.
Has Jonathan Cooey said no actual virus would even be necessary?
And so again, these are all quotes taken from me at the beginning of this service when I still didn't get it.
But by the end of the service, I understood that we had all been fooled.
And I approached Bobby as if I could help him become unfooled.
I approached him by email, and that email resulted in the Defender podcast that's Robert Malone and others on the list that CHD and Bobby curate, but actually it is me
being interviewed and introduced as somebody that five other people are going to listen to and then comment on.
And that was when I was finally waking up and realizing that, wow, we've been fooled, and we might have a chance to write this book the right way so that everybody will realize that this is just synthetic biology, that they're lying about a background, and that they fooled us, and that one of the best examples and best reasons why to believe that is because of the Allison Totura, Sina Bavari paper from 2019 that's also featured in this book and discussed in this book because I put it in there because
Not because I found it, because my friend Mark Kulak showed me that paper, where Sina Bavari, head of the U.S.
Emirates, says that with the last post-doc of Ralph Baric, who was also on Jeopardy, that a novel coronavirus out of a bat cave is coming soon as a pandemic, and that remdesivir would be a great thing to have on the shelves.
And so that's the spectacular commitment to lies that I'm talking about here.
This is Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project lying about how this book was written and Rixie's role in it, and by proxy then, lying about my role in it.
Lying about the contents.
And make no mistake about it, for the duration of the writing of this book, I represented the stance that the defuse proposal would be a very convenient way for the military to pretend that this is definitely a leak.
A great way for anyone that wanted that to happen to pretend that this was a lab leak.
What a strange place we are in.
There was a grant that was what a strange place we are in where the Wuhan cover up.
That's where this is the calendar, right?
And 2020 when I was still working at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, I said they were using nonspecific tests to lie about a background to try and trick us into taking transfection to our kids.
Then in November of 2020, the fake objection to the Corman PCR test that the WHO was using was released by Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig of Heart, two avid genome collectors before the pandemic.
And then over a year later, Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project decides to grace my stream with his presence and tells me about live dead technologies that could have been used to break the illusion of overcycling or some nonsense like that.
Little nuggets of the RNAs in Pure so it might be bad for you, but not really.
And the strains and talking about sequencing.
And the live dead technology is something that he said last year, like in 2024, about a few months before the end of the year on the Brett Weinstein podcast.
Okay.
So he said that in end of 21 on my podcast.
And then almost three years later on the Brett Weinstein podcast, he hadn't moved at all.
Same bullshit story, the same bullshit story that he was telling in 2020, you know, PCR works, but not really, or kind of, I know how it works.
And so now in 2024, at the end of the year, he's told you that the Wuhan cover-up book was assisted by Charles Rixey.
And this blue scenario here, this blue screen is how long I worked for CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Almost two years.
And at the end of that service, the book was released.
They did an interview with me about the book that they never released because they said it wouldn't sell the book.
And then at the end of 2023, I was fired because of what I said on my December 22nd podcast about Robert Malone.
Just the facts.
And so you can see it if you want to.
You can dispel their mythologies if you want to.
You just have to keep working because they've all revealed themselves after five years as following a pattern that is not a good guy.
It's not a rescue team.
These aren't valiant fighters on a white horse, as Robert Malone was described in that church militant interview.
No, ladies and gentlemen, these are actors.
These are participants.
These people are employed by the slavers.
And that's why in 2025 we are where we are.
That's January 10th, 2025.
This is the gigohm biological high resistance, low noise information brief that everybody ignores.
And in 2020, the people that ignore it now were the people that were the health freedom movement that was already ahead.
And before the pandemic with Vax, the movie, and you know, we need to genetically screen people for vulnerabilities to adjuvants.
Those are the people that knew about the fear and cleavage site, the spike protein toxicity, the censorship, the lab leak, the no virus, the flying AIDS, gain of function.
Oh my goodness.
And that's the health freedom movement now.
So how did that work?
There was a whole year and a half before anybody did anything.
Maybe Jessica Rose and Matt Crawford were doing some things in 2020 here to do some cat wrangling.
But in general, nothing happened in 2020 until the middle of 2021 when the great hero, Bobby Malone, was on the Dark Horse podcast with the great hero, Steve Kirsch, and the great hero, Brett Weinstein, where they decided that a combination of Moderna, previous infection, and ivermectin could result in a sort of hybrid herd immunity.
Of course, then he went on the Joe Rogan podcast right after that and then Brett Weinstein got demonetized.
And then we saw Bobby Malone in Rome, Italy doing the first international COVID summit.
Stephen Hatfield was there with him, I think.
And his former friend from Inovio and somewhere else, that Patterson dude was there.
Then we had International COVID Summit No.
2 in France that Bobby Malone coordinated, that I think also Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass were at, but you can check, maybe it was Pierre Cory.
And then we had International COVID Summit No.
3 in 2023 in Brussels with Bobby Malone in front of the EU Parliament, or at least a room that looked like that.
Then we had, interestingly, Romania in November of 2023, again with Bobby Malone, this time with Brett Weinstein and Jessica Rose and Denny Rancourt and Nick Hudson and Meryl Nass and Stephen Hadfield all posing for a picture.
Then they had an international COVID summit number five at CPAC.
in Washington, D.C.
in early 2024 in February, then they had international COVID number six in Japan with Bobby Malone on stage still with Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose.
This is the health freedom movement.
This is what they've accomplished over the last five years.
These are the people that are saving us.
These people.
that don't usefully oppose the people here, they don't usefully oppose the people up there, they don't usefully oppose the people over there.
All these people agree that Jay is worth arguing about, that Jay is worth discrediting, that Jay is worth firing, that Jay is worth ignoring.
Even the current nomination for the Health and Human Services Secretary in the United States of America, who paid me for a year, ignores me now.
Even the guy that I've met three times over the last three years at broken science meetings, Jay Bhattacharya, and taking pictures with him because he wants to, nominated for the head of NIH, he also ignores me because he says that he's not sophisticated enough to evaluate my biology.
And I should stop talking about Robert Malone.
Maybe we should drop a few more time points in, you know?
Maybe we should drop in my CHD time there in blue, my first speaking out as a faculty member, and then there's the Corman-Jorston report, and then here's when Kevin McKernan was on my stream, and then there's all the international COVID summits, right?
We could drop in a little line here, that little dotted line there was when in January of 2023, Sasha Latipova and Meryl Ness and Robert Malone and Michael Palmer and Aseem Malhotra were all on stage in Sweden telling us it was a psi war that we would never figure out.
And that it was the US military that was doing it.
We could add the three times that Sasha Latapova, the mother of Soph, was on the Defender podcast, or a CHD podcast, or who knows what with the American Thought Leaders of the Epoch Times podcast, but we'll just put those three from CHD on there.
And then we'll put some lines over here for the two times that her daughter, Soph, was promoted on Alex Jones in 2019.
It might've been three times, but let's be conservative here.
Let's put one more line in here in 2021 when she and her daughter went to some gun range and made a stupid video about using Discord groups to recruit people to shoot Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
Let's just ignore that because, you know, she's 19 here, so she's an adult.
She can do whatever we want to.
But Soph, before the pandemic, wasn't an adult when she was doing the videos that were promoted with Laura Loomer.
So we could put another line here for when, maybe when Steve Bannon was on his war room with Stephen Hatfield talking about a lab leak, or that line could also represent when Michael Callahan called Robert Malone from Wuhan to tell him that something was happening.
And that could also be the time when Whitney Webb publishes her article about the man in Wuhan
And so the health freedom movement is based on this timeline that we could keep going until the, until I'm blue in the face, adding points where you're like, wait, what they did, what, when, what?
This is only with like two characters and like one, you know, COVID summit series.
We're not talking about all the podcasts and all the appearances and all the travel.
and all the ridiculous repetition that occurred over these five years where they never made any useful progress in any direction even though supposedly they knew that the vaccine schedule was a problem back in 2015 when none other than Mary Holland was featured on Democracy Now!
to say that some component of the MMR vaccine probably injured her kid.
That health freedom movement in 2015 also produced James Lyons Wyler.
It also produced the movie Vaxxed.
It also eventually produced CHD and ICANN.
And none of those people at the beginning of the pandemic said that we knew this was shit before.
And so they're probably lying about a pandemic now to cover that up.
They didn't.
10 years later, six years into a pandemic with all this track record, we have a freedom movement called MAHA.
January 10th, 2025, a freedom movement called MAHA that ignores the gigaohm biological high resistance low noise information brief and focuses on processed foods, fluoride in the water, corn syrup.
dies, you know, that kind of thing.
Not worried about GMO, anything.
Not worried about glyphosate, anything.
Not worried about the sale of medical remnants, the generation of them.
Nothing.
I would like you to compare my track record, compare my record of integrity, and compare my ability to summarize what happened on one slide.
where a background was misconstrued as spread with non-specific PCR tests and the planting of a sequence if necessary.
And the way to see through it is RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injection is dumb and doctors, you should be so ashamed of yourself for not having thought of this already when you just started your practice.
transfecting healthy people is a crime and any academic biologist that uses transfection or transformation on their bench should be ashamed of themselves.
If you lost your mom or your dad during COVID because they had a stroke after they had a vaccine, you should be ashamed of yourself because you killed them or at least you allowed the state to manage that problem.
What is that problem?
None of these in the people in the health freedom movement are gonna talk about it.
This is the cartoon that Robert Malone promoted today in his Friday funnies.
I'm just not ready to accept that everything I believed was a lie.
Can't you see the PSYOP there?
If he's the liar, if he's covering up for the shell game of intellectual property recycling, if he's covering up for the shell game of the billions of dollars made on testing, if he's covering up for the shell game of the generation of remnants that can be used to fill in the gaps of this human genome project, or maybe even to start it in earnest finally because we have the computing power to do it,
computing storage base to store it compare my record with theirs and compare my my description of why this signal is important to their complete absence of even naming this signal only visible on population pyramids that no one ever shows there was a bump
The cost of managing these retired old people, especially in unhealthy America was going to skyrocket.
And people like Ted Turner have seen this coming for two decades or more.
And that's why they were able to predict the pandemic.
That's why they knew it was coming.
That's why they all stuck to the narrative because all these countries had a problem to manage.
They all had a vested interest in managing it to avoid bankruptcy.
That's why the health freedom movement won't say it.
That's why you can represent their whole accomplishment over the last 15 years with a slide as weak and vapid as this one.
With a list as short as that one, or a list like the one on my door, rise and resist people over profits, truth over lies, and courage over fear.
That's why we're here.
and we ignore this, nobody will say it, nobody will critique it, nobody's gonna touch this with a 10-foot pole because if they did, they'd have to admit that they could have been here in 2020.
We could have been here in the beginning of 2021 and saved all the college kids from this and we wouldn't be a split, fractured society, but we would be united under a flag and under the concept that we are being undermined by traitors.
You know what I find extraordinary about that dune scene that I showed you again.
And I wanted to show it again because I want to make sure I make this point very well.
And so I'm just going to bring it up again and play the same scene again.
Remember what this is.
This is Paul walking into a giant temple outside of the temple.
are thousands, there's a sandworm that's exploding out of the ground behind him because he likes him.
And there are thousands of people standing outside of this very ancient temple, this multi-generationally old temple of this ancient faith that believes that someday from the outer world, some Messiah will come that will have magical powers to be able to see the future.
and return green trees and water to an otherwise dead desert planet.
These people are so fanatic that they gather in groups this size and have traveled across desert storms, risked their lives on the back of giant sandworms to get to this giant meeting.
And there are so many people at this giant meeting.
that there's a shit ton of people outside that can't even come into the giant cave where the witch mom and her colleagues are presiding over prayer.
Thousands of people are praying inside of this cave.
See it?
Thousands.
And now this girl, sorry, I have to go back.
Darn it.
Let me get my head out of the way for just a second, please.
And here.
I'm making a point, promise.
I promise I'm making a point.
So they're praying, and it's a lot of them.
And now this girl breaks the circle.
Now, this is significant because again, the high priest is going to explain that if you want to speak inside of this circle, you know what to do.
And what to do is that you have to kill this guy, your tribe leader, in order to speak in the circle.
Now, she could have spoke outside the circle and tried to get his attention, but she didn't.
Because they're just praying.
But she went inside the circle, violated, she's supposed to kill him in order to talk to him, but she didn't.
And now after explaining that to him, now remember what I'm trying to say here.
Thousands of people that believe that a Messiah might come, thousands of warriors that fight to the death for honor, and have believed this their whole life, have now assembled under the possibility that, hey, his mom became our head lady, and he drank the
the water of life and he didn't die.
So something really strange is happening.
So that thousands, hundreds of thousands of them have come to see what's going on here.
And now she violates a cardinal rule that supposedly requires murder and nobody does anything about it.
And then later in this scene, she's going to stand up and she's going to scream.
What does she scream?
This prophecy is how they enslave us, how they dominate.
This prophecy is how they enslave us.
Now, my question is, how committed are these people really to what they believe?
I want you to do the thought experiment that if this was a Muslim gathering and they thought that Muhammad had come back and that the Quran says that Muhammad's gonna come back and now some guy has fulfilled all of the requirements of coming back and they're all traveled all around the world to go to Saudi Arabia to meet him and now some random chick stands up and said that this is all bullshit.
This prophecy is how they enslave you.
Do you don't think somebody would kill her or stone her or
And now afterward, of course, Paul's going to walk in and he's going to convince the entire room to drop to their knees that he is actually their savior.
And still they don't kill her.
They don't even care.
You would think if any of them were doubting their fanaticism and doubting their faith after that happened, after that first warrior goes, and he goes down and then everybody kneels down and then the priest says something and he says something and then everybody goes down.
I want you to do a thought experiment for a second, ladies and gentlemen, because this is the point that I want to make, and it is a very important point.
Okay?
It's a very important point, and it's going to hit hard in a way that I think we need to be hitting right now.
If the Health Freedom Movement and the Maha Movement and the People on X and all these patriots and everybody else thinks that the fires in Canada or the fires in California or the fires in Maui are being purposefully set by directed energy weapons,
If these people really believe that the World Trade Center towers were destroyed by directed energy weapons, if they really think that HAARP is being used to generate hurricanes that are displacing hundreds of thousands of people or thousands of people in the Appalachian Mountains in order to gain access to minerals,
If you think that the United States government is flooding our streets with migrants in order to destroy our country, then at what point are you gonna do something other than tweet?
At what point are you gonna require some of these people with this unimaginably large reach on social media start speaking the truth of the destruction of our country?
You actually think that they're using directed energy weapons to destroy LA, to destroy Maui?
You actually think that they're using HAARP to direct the winds?
To direct the rain currents, but you're not willing to do anything other than tweet?
And subscribe to Malone's substack?
And pay for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's presidential campaign security?
instead of paying attention to somebody who worked for them and was fired by them and has told you what they're lying about and tried desperately to teach you how to fight back.
That's where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
I can summarize it in one slide plus one little video with the population pyramid.
I can say it very succinctly and these people will not, will not acknowledge it because it is their job
Maybe I'm the reason why a lot of them have a job.
And in that case, please share my work.
Please subscribe.
Please find a way to support my stream.
Social media, this is how it's done, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a very lively debate.
It is curated by them.
And as long as you think that tweeting is gonna save the world or the next substack you write is gonna save the world, you're probably wrong.
We gotta save the world one young person at a time.
one neighbor at a time, one family member at a time.
Anybody that's willing to listen, send them to this stream and let's start breaking the narrative as fast as we can.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I will see you again sometime over the weekend, although I'm not sure when because we do have two games this weekend and so it's a busy one.
Thanks very much.
Happy Friday, everybody.
See you again soon.